                                                                                                                                                                   
Instructions                                                                                                                                                        
------------                                                                                                                                                        
1. Building the source code :                                                                                                                                       
----------------------------                                                                                                                                        
        1. uncompress the zip file to a destination location                                                                                                        
        2. make  
        3. Now you will have byz_demo_app in your destination folder 
 
2. Running the package :
----------------------- 
        1. Once you have built the above source code, execute the below steps 
                terminal :: $chmod 777 byz_app_demo                                                                                                                
                terminal :: $./byz_app_demo                                                                                                                        
        2. You will be asked for the certain inputs. Do enter the same as per your needs
        3. Once you have entered all the inputs, allow the code to construct the sites for you for a second
        4. You will see a sequence of prints capturing the messages sent from one site to other
	5. You will also finally see whether the consensus is reached in each of the lieutenant nodes                                             
        6. If you want additional logs, do enable DEBUG macro in the code and compile the code.
                 
3. Note          
---------           
        1. The code assumes, the general to take the first node, So the number of lieutenants will be number entered + one
	2. The code is split into two
		a. Sends messages to all other nodes and other sites wait for all the nodes to recieve its messages
		b. Once all the sites finishes sending its messages, it starts to process its message queue for the recieved messages
	3. Press ENTER to find out whether CONSENSUS can be reached for the given input or not at the end

Eg: For N=3 and M=1 CONSENSUS cannot be reached and status of each Lieutenant is printed in the code. One Lieutenant can arrive
at Consensus but on the whole, its not possible since majority wont have consensus reached.

For N=6, M=1, CONSENSUS is possible
